# Drone3G
OS X application that allows control of a Parrot ARDrone 2.0 over a 3G/LTE network (rather than the standard WIFI connection) giving a flight range only limited by that of the battery. The drone is controlled using a PS3 controller over USB or bluetooth. Video and flight data is sent back from the drone and displayed in real time. The application supports recording video and taking pictures, bandwidth management to prevent exhausting data plans, easy installation and uninstallation, telnet shell over 3G/LTE network for interesting remote WIFI applications, network relay for connections behind Symmetric and Port restricted NAT's, drone hardware and software diagnosing, autopilot (beta) with a 3rd party TTL serial GPS and return home functionality (requires some code modification to enable).

# Compilation & Running
The Drone3G application is best compiled and run within Xcode. The ARDrone2.0 software is included in the application package and Drone3G has an install mechanism baked into the app. Simply launch the app, click on the install button and follow the instructions to install Drone3G on your ARDrone2.0. The installation process is easily reversible and you can uninstall Drone3G from your drone at any time by using the Drone3G uninstaller accessible from the main menu. At this time the code for drone is unavailable. After installation you are ready to fly your drone, this requires an active 3G/LTE USB modem be plugged into your drone's USB port. Not all 3G/LTE USB modems are supported at this time, please refer to the Drone3G manuals to determine if your USB modem is supported (accessible from the help menu). The help menu also contains other manuals that are helpful for application usage. At this time the Drone3G server for matching drone's with controllers needs to be run locally. Since this software is not provided on this public repository the code must be modified to skip contacting the DNS server and instead go straight to accepting the drone's connection request. This may require changes to your firewall or NAT settings as hole punching is not supported at this time.    

Please contact me at chriskinzel13@gmail.com if you have any questions!